README.md, before:

# Fruit Ninja 3D (using webcam) 🍉

Fruit Ninja in **pygame** using pose estimation in **MediaPipe**.

### How to Play:

Copy this GitHub repository, and run [fruit_ninja.py](scripts/fruit_ninja.py) with Python 3.

Press the `Esc` key to exit.

### Gameplay:
![fruit ninja](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76597978/146680831-99c0f914-2de2-42e8-bf02-091144159612.gif)

### Features:
- **Fruits**:
  -   Pineapple 🍍
  -   Watermelon 🍉
  -   Kiwi 🥝
  -   Orange 🍊
  -   Bomb 💣
-   Black knife trail cuts anything it touches (cut several fruits at the same time)
-   Start menu (hands up before playing to avoid accidentally starting)
-   Preview webcam video while playing by changing the `SHOW_WEBCAM` setting in [fruit_ninja.py](https://github.com/mmbaguette/Fruit-Ninja-VR/blob/main/scripts/fruit_ninja.py)

### Dependences:
```
pip install pygame
pip install opencv-python
pip install mediapipe
```

![alt text](https://github.com/mmbaguette/Fruit-Ninja-VR/blob/main/preview/fruit%20ninja.jpg?raw=true)

### Pyinstaller (package game into an executable)

Make your own Fruit Ninja VR executable. Use this command inside the working directory (`Fruit-Ninja-VR` not `scripts`) to package the game into an `exe` file. 
```
pyinstaller -w --onefile --paths="PYTHON_PATH\Python39\Lib\site-packages\cv2" --collect-data mediapipe --add-data "PYTHON_PATH\Python39\Lib\site-packages\mediapipe;mediapipe" -i "images/icon.ico" scripts/fruit_ninja.py
```
Install pyinstaller if you haven't already:
```
pip install pyinstaller
```

Commit message:

Updated README to account for mediapipe library updates.
Specified older version of mediapipe to install.

README.md, after:

# Fruit Ninja 3D (using webcam) 🍉

Fruit Ninja in **pygame** using pose estimation in **MediaPipe**.

### How to Play:

Copy this GitHub repository, and run [fruit_ninja.py](scripts/fruit_ninja.py) with Python 3. 
You need to know how to install Python, and run scripts in the terminal. Make sure your current working directory is the main fruit ninja folder and not `scripts`. Install the dependencies below in the terminal using the `pip` command. 
Press the `Esc` key to exit.

### Gameplay:
![fruit ninja](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76597978/146680831-99c0f914-2de2-42e8-bf02-091144159612.gif)

### Features:
- **Fruits**:
  -   Pineapple 🍍
  -   Watermelon 🍉
  -   Kiwi 🥝
  -   Orange 🍊
  -   Bomb 💣
-   Black knife trail cuts anything it touches (cut several fruits at the same time)
-   Start menu (hands up before playing to avoid accidentally starting)
-   Preview webcam video while playing by changing the `SHOW_WEBCAM` setting in [fruit_ninja.py](https://github.com/mmbaguette/Fruit-Ninja-VR/blob/main/scripts/fruit_ninja.py) (`True`/`False`)

![alt text](https://github.com/mmbaguette/Fruit-Ninja-VR/blob/main/preview/fruit%20ninja.jpg?raw=true)

### Dependences: 
```
pip install pygame 
pip install opencv-python
pip install git+https://github.com/google-ai-edge/mediapipe.git@v0.8.9
```

### Pyinstaller (package game into an executable)

Make your own Fruit Ninja VR executable. Use this command inside the working directory (`Fruit-Ninja-3D` not `scripts`) to package the game into an `exe` file.
```
pyinstaller -w --onefile --paths="PYTHON_PATH\Python39\Lib\site-packages\cv2" --collect-data mediapipe --add-data "PYTHON_PATH\Python39\Lib\site-packages\mediapipe;mediapipe" -i "images/icon.ico" scripts/fruit_ninja.py
```
Install pyinstaller if you haven't already:
```
pip install pyinstaller
```
